well addy they don't have people it's Bo
again before we get started tonight I
want to put something out there because
I've gotten a few messages from people
you know explaining why they've had to
pause or cancel their patreon right now
you owe me precisely zero explanation
none it should not be a concern
everybody right now is gonna go through
hard times I take no personal offence to
it you do not owe me an explanation
okay so now on to the the actual topic
at hand which may be related in some way
we're going to talk about congregations
religious service is something we do not
normally talk about on this channel
because I believe people's religious
beliefs aren't really up for public
debate but we need to talk about
religious services right now in this
current climate because I'm noticing
more and more religious leaders say that
they're gonna have services especially
here in Florida because in the emergency
order there is a written an exemption
for it it's an exemption it's not a
requirement
you don't have to do it and it is risky
it is risky there are other alternatives
for those religious leaders who feel
that it is an imperative that they
absolutely must you know have fellowship
or reach out to their flock I get it
good for you I get it
live stream live stream if you hold them
in person if you are good at what you do
and you have fostered a sense of
community and family within your
facility people are going to let their
guard down people are creatures of habit
when they show up at that facility they
are going to do what they normally do
they're going to shake hands they're
going to try to keep their voices low so
they're gonna lean in and whisper a
whole bunch of things happen in
religious facilities that are not best
practices right now and that could be
avoided via livestream and I know there
are some out there who would say well
the higher power God will protect okay
okay but unless your doctrine includes
taking up serpents this may be a bit of
an extreme test of faith and what
happens when God's plan includes one or
many of your flock died what are you
gonna say didn't have enough faith in a
moment of doubt that's when it overcame
them it's when you always have to have
faith I am Not sure that your
congregation will accept that live
stream there are alternatives there are
other things that can be done and I want
to address the elephant in the room and
this I want to be clear about this
before I say it
this is some not all religious leaders
but many have a large facility that they
have to pay for when you pass that plate
everybody's touching it
if that's your concern live stream live
stream on YouTube people can make
contributions that way I don't think it
is a good idea to pack people that
tightly together in an enclosed space
where if you've done your job they feel
like family
DoD's ordered a hundred thousand bags
for people please do your part
wash your hands don't touch your face
stay home
we shouldn't have needed a federal
government order or a state government
order telling us the best practices
right now are to stay home even if there
is a resumption of services you don't
need them to order you to stay home you
know what that's practices are anyway
it's just a thought y'all have a good
night